machines for making tap water bubbly and then consumers add flavours) for$3.2 billion. It also
launched a range of fancy botles that work with tap water and flavour packets. The bottle is reusable.
The packets Not so much，an，yes,they are made of plastic， although the company invites users to
post them back for recycling.
As is sooften thecaseclevermarketingabeat reasoawarenes isareleug"There isway
this kind of slip between concem， intent and changed behaviour"saysGiles Quick，an analyst of
bottledwater"Thebestexample isfivea daythe recommendation tohave at east fiveportinsof
fruit andvegetables everyday.Almost everyon sware of this,but something ike15%of usachieve
it." Unless a far-reaching bottle ban does come into force, it will be up to consumers to not only
demand changebut to act themselves.
rather than on profits.
that plastics are environmentally unfriendly)
L
39. It oftenhappens chat people can lack reason wher faced with skilful marketing.)
 40.Onecity on the west coast of Americahas anned single-use bottles from its property and events.
41. Manufacturing and shipping of plastic water bottles consume a tremendous amount Of fossil fuels
K42. One large beverage company hasadapted itsoperationswhen confronted with challenges from health
and environmental advocates.
43.Bottled water is considerably more expensive than tap water.
I44. Eauntains could be seen in cities before bottled water became popular.
Bosd
Jome1
8mins
15ozyinoms
Section C
Directions: There are
passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the
best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The weakening/of the human connectiono natur hight be good for economic growth but is bad for
people.A tipping point was reached in 2020 when human-made materials such as steel, concrete and
林地信托(公益组织）
Yet slipping from popuiar culture is the wonder and beauty +of the natura world. For every three
然而
nature-related words inhit songs of the 1950s, researchers found, there was only slightly more than one 50
years later. It is not a moment too soon that teenagers will be able to take a natural history test, given that
Part of remedying this social disease would be for parliament to pass a "right to grow" law, alowing
Vegetable planting has a respectable tradition. In April 1649, locals responded to high prices and food
shortages by cultivating vegetables on common land in Southern England The practice of throwing seed
bombs to turn vacant plosandgreen took offn7sNewYork，andhas been revied(使复活）by
向空地
V人使其变2024.12/14（第2套）