machines for making tap water bubbly and then consumers add flavours) for $ 3.2 billion. It also
launched a range of fancy bottles that work with tap water and flavour packets. The bottle is reusable.
The packets? Not so much, and, yes, they are made of plastic, although the company invites users to
post them back for recycling.
As is so often the case, clever marketing can beat reason; awareness is rarely enough."There is always
this kind of slip between concern, intent and changed behaviour," says Giles Quick, an analyst of
bottled water. "The best example is five a day, the recommendation to have at least five portions of
fruit and vegetables every day. Almost everyone is aware of this, but something like 15% of us achieve
it." Unless a far-reaching bottle ban does come into force, it will be up to consumers to not only
demand change-but to act themselves.
五Z
H
37. Bottled water manufacturers base their arguments against bans of plastic bottles on health concerns
rather than on profits.
38. Sales of bottled waterin Britain hit a record high last year even though people are increasingly aware
that plastics are environmentally unfriendly
39. It often happens that people can lack reason whey faced with skillful marketing.)
a
40. One city on the west coast of America has banned single-use bottles from its property and events.
41. Manufacturing and shipping of plastic water bottles consume a tremendous amount of fossil fuels.
42. One large beverage company has adapted its operations when confronted with challenges from health
and environmental advocates.
43. Bottled water is considerably more expensive than tap water.
I 44. Eountains could be seen in cities before bottled water became popular.
Section C
mins
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the
best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The weakening/of the human connectionto nature might be good for economic growth but is bad for
plastic were found to weigh more than all life on Earth. Continuing to grow concrete forests rather than
real ones is shortsighted. Simply being in the nearest wood' has such health benefits that the Woodland
所有生场4
Trust successfully lobbied for it to be prescribed by doctors.
林地信托（公益组织）
被医生列入处方建议
Yet slipping from popular culture is the wonder and beauty of the natural world. For every three
游语
nature-related words in hit songs of the 1950s, researchers found, there was only slightly more than one 50
years later. It is not a moment too soon that teenagers will be able to take a natural history test, given that
for decades children have been able to name more video game characters than wildlife species.
Part of remedying this social disease would be for parliament to pass a "right to grow", law, allowing
anyone to turn underused public spaces into vegetable and fruit gardens. The idea is for people to get back
in touch with the soil while producing food sustainably. 可持续地
未被充分利用
Vegetable planting has a respectable tradition. In April 1649, locals responded to high prices and food
shortages by cultivating vegetables on common land in Southern England. The practice of throwing seed
49
以使其变练2024.12/14（第2套）
向空地