The packets? Not so much, and, yes, they are made of plastic, although the company invites users to
post them back for recycling.

demand change—but to act themselves.
五
H
rather than on profits.
AS
38. Sales of bottled water(in Britain )hit a record-High Yast year/even though people are increasingly aware)
that plastics are enyironmentally unfriendly
39. It often /happens that people can lack reason whey faced with skillful marketing.)
9
40. One city on the west coast of Americahas banned single-use bottles from its property and events.
42. One large beverage company hasadapted -its-operationswhen confronted with challenges from health
and environmental advocates.
43. Bottled water is considerably more expensive than tap water.
44. Eountajns could be seen in cities before bottled water became popular.
45. More people have taken-to bottled water because of their health awareness.
Section C
mins
Directions: Thereare
2 passages in this section.Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements.For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the
best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The weakening/of the human connection)(o nature) fhight be good for economic growthbut is bad for
people)A tipping pöint was reached in 2020 when human-made materials——such as steel, concrete and,
plastić—were found to weigh more than all life on Earth.Gontinuing to grow concrete forests rather than
real ones is shortsighted. Simply being in the néarêst woõd' has such health benefits that the Woodland
Trust successfully lobbied for _it to be prescribed by doctors,
林地信托(公益组织)
被医生列入处方建议
Yet slipping from pópúíár culture is the wonder and
béauty of the natural' world. For every three
nature-related words ín'hit songs of the 1950s, researchers found, there was only slightly more than one 50
years later. It is not a moment too soon that teenagers will be able to take a natural history test, given that
for decades children have been able tohämemore video game characters than wildlife species.
Part of remedying this social disease would be for parliament to pass a “right to grow", law, allowing
anyone to turn underused public spaces into vegetable and fruit gardens. The idea is for peópie to'get back
in touch with the soil-本Whife"producing food sustainably.可持续地
Vegetable planting has a respectable tradition. In April 1649, locals responded to high prices and food
shortages by cultivating vegetables on common land in Southern England, The practice of throwing seed
向空地
大使美系2024.12114（第2套）