sdd flavours) for $3.2 billion. It also

machines for making tar

launched . . fink erent { flavour packets. The bottle is reusable
The pack N h the company invites users to
Post k
ho” As is i 7 2 enough. “There is always
his k haaved behaviour ays Giles Quick, an analyst of
nottled « ; + — rendat o ha at least five portions of
uit 4 f t something like 15% of us achiey,
t.” Uni f hine A up to consumers to not only
demand chang hersetves
6. Judging f sales growth, there is still hope to combat bottled water
Bottled water mar s base thélr arguments against bans of plastic bottles on he@lth concerns
rather than on profits
FZ, 38. Sales of bottled water in Britain hit’a record-Htgh fast yearyeven though people are increasingly aware )
Ahat plastics are environmentally (Gfriendly)
9. It often/appens fhat people can lack reason Whew faced with skillful marketing. 3,
40. One city on the west coast of/Americ: cahas Ganned ingle- use bottles from its property and events

mount 6f fossil fuels)

( 41. Manufacturing and shipping or ple astic wate. es consume 4 tremendous amoun
|< 42. One large beverage company hascadapted-+te-operations yhen confronted with challenges from health

and environmental advocates.

ky 43. Bottled water is considerably more than tap water.

I 44. Fquntain ajas could be seen in cities before bottled water became popular.
tC 45. bow} people have taken-to-bottied water because of their health awareness.
Section C

Directions; 7) Bins, ... Ne in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the

best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage,

The ‘of the human connectionYo naturg) hight be good for economic growthyout is bad for

ee tippin was reached in 2020 when human-made materials—such as steel, eee? 33
stic—-were found to weigh more than allelife. o1 ea Li epene w concrete forests rathé: P
real ones is shortsighted. Simply being in the ni has such health benefits that esr It
bose ame rit t , RBM ( )
ir culture is the wonder and LR AABN cata, For every three

Elberseatcs words eee songs of the 1950s, researchers found, there was only slightly more than one 50

years later. It ee teenagers will be able to take a natural history test, given that
for decades children have been able to’ re video game characters than wildlife species.

Part of remedying this social disease would be for parliament to pass a “‘rightstorsrow” lowing

ic, spaces into vegetable and fruit gardens. The idea is for t back

ing food-sustainably..
Vegetable planting has a respectable tradition. In April 1649, locals

shortages by getables on PERRI Engl
i s New York, and has been

bombs:
2024. 12/ 14 (4 2 48)

igh prices and food
ing seed

RAL) by

