machines for making tap water bubbly and then consumers add flavours)
$ 3.2 billion.It also
The packets? Not so much, and, yes, they are made of plastic, although the company invites users to
post them back for recycling.

this kind of slip between concern, intent and changed behaviour," 5
says Giles Quick,an analyst of
fruit and vegetables every day. Almost everyone is aware of this, but something like 15% of us achieve
it." Unless a far-reaching bottle ban does come into force, it will be up to consumers to not only
demand change—but to act themselves.
E
H
37. Botled water manufacturers base their arguments against bans of plastic bottles on health concerns
rather than on profits.
3
38. Sales of bottled water(in Britain
1)hit a record igh Xast year/even though people are increasingly aware
that plastics are enyironmentally
unfriendly
39. It often happens that people can lack reason whey faced with skillful marketing.)
9
40. One city on the west coast of Americahas banned single-use bottles from its property and events
C
41. Manufacturing and shipping of plastic water bottles coņsume a tremendous amount of fossil fuels.
42. One large beverage company hasadapted -its operations when confronted with challenges from health
and environmental advocates
43. Bottled water is considerably more expensive than tap water.
44. Eountajns could be seen in cities before bottled water became popular.
F
45. More people have takento bottled water because of their health awareness.
Section C
mins
Directions: There
passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B),C) and D). You should decide on the
best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The weakening/of the human connection)(o nature hight be good for economic growthbut is bad for
people)A tipping pöint was reached in 2020 when human-made materials——such as steel, concrete and,
plastićwere found to weigh more than all life on Earth.,Gontinuing to grow concrete forests rathér than
real ones is shortsighted. Simply being in the néarêst wodd"has such health benefits that the Woodland
Trust successfully lobbied for _it to be prescribed by doctors,
林地信托(公益组织
被医生列入处方建议
Yet slipping from pópúíár culture is the wonder and
béauty of the natural world. For every three
nature-related words in'hit songs of the 1950s,researchers found, there was only slightly more than one 50
years later. It is not a moment too soon that teenagers will be able to take a natural history test, given that
for decades children have been able tohamemore video game characters than wildlife species.
Part of remedying this social disease would be for parliament to pass a “right to grow", law, allowing
anyone to turn underused public. spaces into vegetable and fruit gardens. The idea is for peópie to gét back
in touch with the soil-本Whife'producing food sustainably.可持续地
A
Vegetable planting has a respectable tradition. In April 1649, locals responded to high prices and food
shortages by cultivating vegetables on common land in Southern England, The practice of throwing seed
orland green took off n1970s New York,and has been revived（使复活）by
bombs to turn vacant
次使美系2024.12114（第2套）
向空也